[ quick piano music ]
- Doctor David Banner,
physician, scientist; searching for a way to tap
into the hidden human strengths that all humans have.
Then an accidental overdose of gamma radiation
alters his body chemistry.
and now, when Dr. Banner grows angry or outraged
a startling metamorphosis occurs.
[ Hulk roars ]
[ thunder, Hulk growls ]
The creature is driven by rage,
and pursued by an investigative reporter.
- Mr. McGee, don't make me angry...
...you wouldn't like me when I'm angry.
[ explosion ]
[ music continues ]
[ Hulk roars, cement thumps on ground ]
- The creature is wanted for a murder he didn't commit.
David Banner is believed to be dead,
and he must let the world think that he is dead...
...until he can find a way to control the raging spirit that dwells within him
[ Hulk roars ]